Don't look away!
Predict your target's moves!
If you can all do that, you'll block off every last one of his escape routes!
We're going on our fourth month of training,
and more and more students are showing promise.
Take Isogai Yuuma and Maehara Hiroto.
They've got great reflexes,
and when they work as a pair, their knives hit the mark more often now.
Or Akabane Karma.
He seems like the lazy, laid-back type at first glance,
but there's great eagerness for mischief in those eyes.
Tch!
And the girls:
Okano Hinata's unpredictable movement born of her gymnastics background,
and Kataoka Megu, whose reach and physical performance rival the boys'.
These students will make exceptional attackers.
And last but not least, Korosensei: the very model of an ideal teacher.
To kill a man of such character would be unthinkable!
I didn't ask you to chime in on my monologue.
Get lost, target!
Although no other students have distinguished themselves,
collectively, their talent has come quite a long way.
Ow...
Sorry!
I put a little too much force into my block there.
Oh, I'm fine.
You gotta keep an eye on him, you dummy.
Shiota Nagisa...
The strange presence I just felt... Was it just my imagination?
Man, I just can't hit him!
Karasuma-sensei has, like, no openings at all.
Sensei! Come out for snacks with us after class!
I appreciate the invitation, but I still have work to do.
Not even in his private life.
It's more as though there's a wall between him and us,
like he's keeping his distance.
He takes good care of us and all,
but is that only because he has to?
Yo, Karasuma!
Takaoka?
A new teacher?
Hey! I'm Takaoka Akira, and I'll be assisting Karasuma as of today!
Ministry of Defense Special Forces Takaoka Akira
Ministry of Defense Special Forces
Takaoka Akira Nice to meet you, E Class!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Talent Time
Wh-What's all this?
C-Cake!
And éclairs from Le Hermes!
Are you sure? They look expensive.
Go on, eat up!
I emptied my wallet for this, so don't hold back!
You sure know your brand-name sweets.
Honestly, when it comes to me and sugar, we're in love!
He sure acts cute for such a big guy.
So will you be taking over P.E. tomorrow?
Yep! Orders from headquarters.
Gotta lessen Karasuma's load, so—
Cake... Oh, you must be Korosensei! Help yourself!
We're still gonna kill you one day, though.
For colleagues, you and Karasuma-sensei are like night and day.
You're like a neighborhood dad!
Dad, huh? I like that!
We're in the same class, so that makes us family, right?
The Next Day The Next Day Great! The gang's all here!
Now, things might start to get a little tough,
but I'll have more delicious treats for you when it's all over!
Sure you're not just saying that because you want to eat them?
Well, there's a reason I'm this chubby, you know?
And you're fine with this?
He comes across as awfully forced.
Not to mention, Karma's cutting his class entirely.
We were in the airborne brigade together.
I understand he's a far better instructor than I.
Takaoka Akira Ministry of Defense Special Forces Male
Japan He's got a good grip on his students' hearts.
Takaoka Akira Ministry of Defense Special Forces
That ought to go far in training.
Maybe I was going about this the wrong way.
I kept my distance from them as a professional,
but perhaps his method of relating to them like family would have been better.
Now, then!
With your new training regimen comes a new schedule!
Training Training Training
Training Training
Kunugigaoka Junior High School 3-E New Class Schedule
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday Saturday Integrative Study
Student Development English Math
Ethics Japanese Social Studies
Science Home Economics Japanese
Math Training Music English
Health Activities Art Training
Training Training Training Training
No way!
Ten periods?
Training until nine at night?
Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday Integrative Study
Training Music English Activities
Art Training Training Training
Training Training Training Training
Training Training Training
Training Friday Integrative Study
Student Development Ethics Japanese
Social Studies Science Home Economics
Japanese Training English Training
Training Training Training Training
Training Training Training
Training Training Integrative Study
Training Training Training Training
Training Training
Tuesday Friday Training Training
Training Training But of course!
Following this curriculum will boost your abilities by leaps and bounds!
Let's get to work!
Hey, wait a minute! This is impossible!
With so little time for learning, our grades'll plummet!
And what about free time? We can't do this!
"We can't," nothing. You will.
It's like I said: we're a family, and I'm the dad.
Show me a family that doesn't do as the dad says.
If you want to sit out, sit out.
I'll use my authority to bring in new students to replace you.
But I don't want to have to do that.
After all, you're my precious family.
A father doesn't want to lose even a single one of his children.
Let's save the world together, kids—as a family!
You need only two things to win over your students:
affection and fear.
Well? You're coming along with your old dad, right?
Well...
I, um...
I don't want to.
I'd rather have Karasuma-sensei's class.
Kanzaki-san!
Seems you still don't understand.
The only answer here is "yes".
If that's a problem, we can talk it out with our fists.
That's one of your old dad's specialties!
Takaoka, stop!
Are you all right? Does your neck hurt?
I'm okay.
And you, Maehara-kun?
Y-Yeah, fine.
I'm going easy on them, Karasuma.
After all, they're my family.
No,
they're not your family.
They're my students.
Korosensei!
Just what have you been up to while my back was turned?
Got a problem, monster?
P.E. is my class to run.
And these punishments fall well within the bounds of education.
I don't have much time to train up these assassins to kill you.
Of course I need to be tough on them.
What's your problem? Just because your views on education differ,
is that any reason to attack a man who never did you any harm?
He'll end up crushing those students.
It looks wrong to me, but he has his own ideas about education.
That's why, Karasuma-sensei,
I'd like you, a fellow P.E. teacher, to shut him down.
Me? Shut him down?
It must really grind your gears, Karasuma—
my stealing away the students you looked after.
You were the best in our brigade, never paying any heed to what I could do.
And now I've snatched away your once-in-a-lifetime chance at making a name for yourself.
Not all of the kids will make it, but that's fine.
If I train whoever's left into fierce assassins and kill that octopus,
I'll be renowned as the hero who trained those heroes—
and you'll be at my beck and call!
Th-This isn't funny!
Three hundred squats? We'll die!
Karasuma-sensei...
Hey, now.
Karasuma's not part of our family.
Punishment time.
This is what happens to kids who don't rely on their dad alone!
That's enough.
If you want to get violent, get violent with me.
I figured it was about time you stuck your nose in, Karasuma.
And about time for my next strategy.
It's like I said: this isn't violence, it's education.
I don't want to engage with you through violence.
If we do face off, it'll be as teachers.
Choose the best student you trained, Karasuma.
They can fight me,
and if their knife so much as touches me,
I'll concede that your style of education is better than mine and take my leave.
But we won't be using these old things.
Your target will be me, a human being,
so naturally, you'll need a real knife.
A real knife?!
Enough!
They're neither trained nor prepared to kill a human!
Relax. Stopping just before contact will still count as a hit.
And I'm bare-handed.
What more of a handicap do you want?
This trick worked wonders in the military too.
Unarmed, I'd beat down a terrified new recruit who'd never held a knife before.
Everyone there saw how much I outranked them and became my faithful devotees.
Well, Karasuma? Pick one!
It's that, or obey me unconditionally!
I'm still unsure.
Is it right to reject his no-mercy approach
when the whole world is at stake?
I've been nothing but unsure ever since I got here.
And even now...
I'm not sure if I should be exposing a student with potential to this danger.
Nagisa-kun. Will you do it?
Wait, why Nagisa?
As someone who charged you with an assassination mission to save the Earth,
I consider you all fellow professionals.
As such, I believe the least you deserve in return is the guarantee of a normal junior-high life.
So you don't have to take this knife if you don't want to.
I'll make every effort to have Takaoka
continue to provide you what you're owed.
I like his eyes.
Not even family members would look me in the eye like this.
There must be a lot they're keeping from us.
I don't even know why he chose me.
But...
If he's the one handing me the knife, I know I can trust him.
And I can't let what happened to Kanzaki-san and Maehara-kun slide.
I'll do it.
Your eyes must be going bad, Karasuma.
What the hell's he doing?
Why Nagisa?
Just watch. You'll see.
You think Nagisa's knife'll hit?
No way. A real knife against a real pro?
Nagisa...
Bring it on!
A public execution!
I'll dodge all his attacks, then torment him endlessly.
The students will be so afraid
they'll come right around to my way of teaching.
Now, listen: for Takaoka, this is combat,
meant to serve as a warning.
But for you, it's an assassination.
You don't need to demonstrate your strength.
Just make contact once.
That's all you need to win.
By now, he'll have realized what it means to hold a knife.
"When you stab someone with a real knife, they die! I can't use this!"
I love seeing the color drain from an amateur's face when that realization hits him!
I wasn't too sure how to move with a real knife in my hand.
Then I remembered Karasuma-sensei's advice.
That's right. I don't have to fight him to win.
I just need to kill him.
So, with a smile on my face,
I walked right up to him.
Completely normally, as if I was walking to school.
That's when Takaoka-sensei first realized
that he was about to be killed.
Startled, he lost his balance.
Everyone gets startled when they're about to be killed.
Even Korosensei.
With his center of balance shifted back,
I grab his shirt, pull him down,
and go in for the kill.
He can block a blow from the front,
so I circle around behind him,
and sure enough...
Gotcha.
Holy hell... He's exceeded my every expectation!
You'd never find that kind of talent living an everyday life!
The talent to hide his bloodlust on his approach,
to use that bloodlust to frighten his foe,
and to be so self-assured throughout the whole process!
That chill I felt during training...
What if that had been a real assassination?
It's not combat or violence that he has a knack for—
it's assassination!
Should I even encourage that kind of talent?
Oops! Was I not supposed to use the back of my knife?
That's enough.
We have a winner, Karasuma-sensei.
Honestly, what were you thinking, giving a real knife to a student?
What if he'd hurt himself?
You'd have been in there at Mach speed to patch him up.
You did it, Nagisa!
Oh, thank goodness!
That was a hell of a fight!
But still...
You sure know your way around with a knife!
Nah, I just did what Karasuma-sensei told me.
Takaoka-sensei's pretty tough.
Ow!
What was that for?
Sorry. I kinda didn't believe it was really you.
But thanks! That assassination was a total rush!
Holding up the knife with a smile, and then that "Gotcha"?
What a man's man you turned out to be!
You were pretty lost out here today, weren't you, Karasuma-sensei?
I was just relieved it went well, that's all!
Got a problem?
No, no.
You brat...
How dare you turn on your father figure and laugh it up over some fluke victory!
I demand a rematch!
I'll rend you in two, body and soul!
If we fought again, I'd lose for sure.
But what's plain to see
is that Korosensei is our teacher,
and Karasuma-sensei is our training instructor.
And that's final.
You and your forced father-figure role
don't come across half as warm
as Karasuma-sensei and his professionalism.
We're grateful you really tried to make us stronger...
but I'm sorry. Please leave.
Wait, what am I?
You're our bitch.
You're dead.
A teacher's happiest moment
is when a student gives a clear answer to a lesson of yours in which you yourself are unsure.
And, Karasuma-sensei...
I'm not gonna stand here and listen to this brat spoutin' off!
A teacher must give a clear answer in response as well.
I apologize for the trouble caused by my colleague.
Don't worry. Leave this to me.
I'll negotiate with my superiors to resume my teaching position.
Karasuma-sensei!
You think I'll let you get one over on me like that?
I'll negotiate with them first and—
There's no need to negotiate.
Principal Asano!
I was curious to see our newest teacher in action
and ended up watching the whole thing.
Takaoka-sensei, your lesson was a joke.
Yes, fear is a must in education.
But a teacher who can only instill fear through violence
is a teacher of the lowest order indeed.
B-But... I... Your dismissal notice.
The Ministry of Defense has no hiring rights here.
I call the shots at this place. And don't you forget it.
Dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit...
Damn it all to hell!
Takaoka got fired?
So it's back to Karasuma-sensei again?
Hooray!
He's as confident as ever in his views on education.
What if...
If he said he wanted to be an assassin when he grew up,
would you still be able to train him with zero hesitation?
He may not realize it, but he has what it takes.
That's a tricky one, to be sure.
But I think every teacher has doubts.
We secretly wonder if we're giving them our best answers,
but we must keep a cool head in front of our students—
ever majestic, never letting them see us waver.
And that's why teaching is such a great profession!
Karasuma-sensei?
Since it was us students who got you your P.E. job back,
don't you think we should get some kind of reward?
Yeah! That's one thing Takaoka-sensei was great at!
I don't know about sweets.
Here, get something you—
Yes!
Let me in on that reward too!
Huh? What for?
You barely even did anything this time!
No, no, no!
I watched in silent contemplation so Karasuma-sensei could learn the value of being a teacher!
Never mind him. Let's go, Karasuma-sensei!
I might be getting a little hooked on this place
and the fun of training people despite my doubts.
He's coming after us on his hands and knees!
Just how badly does he want it?
Please, please, please, please, please—
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Yaru, or "to kill," a verb commonly used in our class,
can be conjugated as yaranai, yarimasu, yarutoki, yareba, yareyo, and yarou.
All five characters in the ra column are used as bases, so it's a quintigrade conjugation.
Nagisa-kun, keep in mind that a verb has quintigrade conjugation if the nai form ends with -anai.
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Vision Time.
Episode Vision Time